nice launch of guys here we are in a
new video on gta online and how you can
see only a new chrome car
here he is again dlc and I have decided
to leave killing some people a
who give some yepes
then we're going to kill some people
we have where we find which cops no no
I don't want opportunities with cops
still the origin one asks them to
go and get him almost a bomb
adhesive we have everything we can start
already killah achille where there is the garage in
around I always see ok here
you have good is the first pilato the lake of
product you just left the garage
poor has narrowed the air is fine
others threw me a duel but I didn't
I accept
take the show among people go let's go
let's go let's go
ok coin citazioni are so many from
let's get inside and look at how many
white balls of incredible killing
here we really have fun then
we also have the cops though not
it matters then there is one we see them there
let's take it below let's see then
then then here they are one
of those
no no we have not taken everything there is a
opa ai vai vai vai we didn't get it
what a misfortune we do not care we return
back we took below those of
first let's see if we can get it
below is not hidden behind a wall
maybe we can take him under or
and above
on duty above damn above is still
above we sell it we care very easy
ok where is then whole smooth then
let's see if we don't get killed
before that theory was keep them
here they are at the helmet with my helmet
is that the side to the maria helmet killed a
incredible match
then we take ours again
machine we love the show too
others if they don't kill us before then
go go on the machine run bono
bonuses do n't stop before you go away
gradually ok good we have to take the
our mown here is born and was born
but let's try we went up again
we go in cases because we didn't have to
get up damn then go ours
pistolina then special veit carbine
let's go who knows where, but I'm here
always damned all over here then
there is a ride
damn gradually turns turns what is
good good good
ok the bomb damaged the pilated boom again
the side fiercely my mom
we passed poor man not yes
He waited not is expecting no at
machine and my name is mass or others
I expect it to be a first for sport
however they are close shoot we have there
we succeed in cecchina rlo ok where in
Darwin's theory arrival should no
thinking to take pity not if you
given to legs but I who in theory must
be upstairs this we see acroliths
again he always action again
poor boezio we are a billion it
we are in the head again not if
He waited not is expecting few there
there is one here that is close to the car
if you put the bomb near the
machine is really finished it is finished
on the machine then we go out and take it
since yesterday it is still and is revealing
is coming
where is they here they are cursed then caught
what a treat that kids like I killed him
It gave him the stop prediction billion
common killed
so much stuff to raise so much stuff at least
up there on top of this is up there
surely let's see if we can
take it we hope it's not over either
above where but it is above
then nothing we try with these maybe
we probably do it with these
yes we know the stars we pass nothing no
I don't believe he could n't kill him
pity that bad luck if it faces co
but with the disc bazooka kill him but
I even had the cops off as soon as
we are left standing by the teams for
the clans make the round is an action
on the other side but the rival colonic choirs
scroll mandate I say then ok I understand
the trick go on go get it
go here we press it let us not brighiamo
of water where I do not see where, however,
show is this exposed he threw himself
second 8 June I had never thrown down kg
but we're never going to see ever raised
to kill him
today we can too
or killed him, I don't know how I'll get up
low failed to kill him this not
he can really play gta that I was in the end
life I threw myself I threw myself
and solicitously killing we have this
what did not go to here no ok this
it had to
here, no straight, go, I got it
I took great Pilate did
killed because now the cops though
damn you go there's one with the size
there is one with the size there is
folders there but feet a little long for
the date that is really never there
reign take a size
here are memories without a weapon so we run
faster strengths by the conclusions in
beauty the beautiful cuts there but where
22222 here it is I put a good match
with a beautiful size and ends
in beauty guys here with a beautiful one
cuts so much stuff
ok i received from these 7,000
finally finally beautiful beautiful pretty
say that here you can finish in beauty and
see you next beautiful